# ESG-Rating-and-Green-Revenue-Analysis
Russell’s Sustainable Investment Structural ESG Score and Company Performance Analysis 


FTSE Russell Quantitative & Structural Data contains updated Environment, Social and Governance rating. With access to FTSE and Bloomberg historical data and analysis platform, we are able to obtain data needed for this study. The ESG dataset contains three scores: Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG). The range of each score is from 0 to 5 with 0 being no exposure and 5 being the best practice in the area. This dataset captures over 300 indicators, 14 themes and 3 pillars. It also contains ESG score for 10 industries and over 2000 companies. Their green revenue model incorporates 8 key measurements: energy generation,energer equipment, energy management, energy efficiency, environmental infrastructure, environmental resources, modal shift and operation shifts. There are multiple subcategories in each of the measurements. For more information on ESG score methodology, please refer to FTSE Russell official report via link: http://www.ftse.com/products/downloads/FTSE_ESG_Index_Series_Ground_Rules.pdf?912
We analyze the dataset in two aspect: descriptive and predictive. The descriptive analysis studies the most recent data (march 2018). We present the descriptive analysis in 4 aspect: country level, industry level, market capitalization and distribution of each score in 2018.  The predictive section studies historical data from september 2014 to march 2018. The historical data demonstrate the trend in different aspects.  The purpose of predictive analytics is to analyze the correlation between E,S,G score and company performance variables. All the company performance data is downloaded from bloomberg terminal using excel bloomberg add-in function. 
